Location: 801 South St, Honolulu, HI 96813

Parking Instructions:

Guests attending an event in meeting room A will be expected to park in parking garage A.Meeting room event attendees may enter the parking garage by collecting a ticket from the dispenser at the gate entry. In parking garage A, attendees may only park in one of the 79 stalls numbered 1027- 1032, 1085-1090, 1101-1163 or 1172-1175.Once parked, attendees should take note of their license plate and parking stall number. An elevator will take them to the ground floor where they must sign in their vehicle(s) at the security office in the lobby interior. 

IMPORTANT: Once signed in, the attendee should alert the security officer that they are attending a meeting room event. The Security Officer will provide a validation stamp allowing the ticket holder to exit the parking garage at no cost (up to six hours). The ticket must be presented to security prior to leaving (not inserted in the ticket collection machine). Meeting room event attendees that lose their ticket will be charged a lost ticket fee of $20.00 to exit the parking structure. There is no meeting room event parking on the 1" level of either parking garage. These stalls are reserved specifically for guests visiting residential apartments. Vehicles inappropriately parked within the garage may be towed immediately, without warning. If there is a parking need that exceeds the number of stalls available, there are metered stalls on the streets surrounding the property and attendees should be encouraged to carpool, taxi or rideshare.

Directions To Your Event
There are two meeting rooms which may be reserved. They are located in two different areas of the property. Each meeting room can be identified by the parking garage that is assigned to guests attending a scheduled event; Meeting Room (A) or Meeting Room (B). Both parking structures, parking garage (A) and parking garage (B), can be accessed through the private driveway that runs through the property between Kapiolani Blvd. and Kawaiahao St. There is no parking garage entry on South St. 

Approaching the Property from Ala Moana Boulevard Event attendees may turn on to South St. from Ala Moana Boulevard and head Mauka until reaching Kawaiahao St. or Kapiolani Boulevard. Turn right on to either street and enter the private driveway immediately after turning (NOT the gate obstructed loading dock). 


